---
title: Seattle
date: '2017-10-31T19:55:00.000+00:00'
retreat_date: 2019-02-01T00:00:00.000+00:00
retreat_location: Bellevue, WA
retreat_ID: 2002

---
At Athletes In Action's Seattle Winter Retreat, join for the weekend of growing with God and others as we look at what it means to be "Dangerous"! Pull away from the busyness of school and sport to connect with God and other athletes from across the region. Expect to have a blast, make friends, and be encouraged and challenged in your faith.

### Dates

Friday, February 1st -  Sunday, February 3rd, 2019

### Location

Sambica Camp and Retreat Center (4114 177th Ave SE Bellevue, WA 98008)

### Cost

$80

### Speaker

Todd Langerveld

{{ '/uploads/Todd Langerveld pic.png' | right_image }}

Todd works with Athletes in Action in Southern California with over 25 years of experience ministering to college students, athletes, and coaches both in the US and across the globe. He and his wife Karen have 3 kids all who have/are playing college sports. He came to Christ while playing football at Michigan State where God radically changed his life and gave him a passion for ministry. Todd is an amazing Bible teacher, communicator, and storyteller and loves helping athletes connect to God with their heads and hearts in ways that significantly impact how they live.

### AIA Contact

[Robbie Cowgill](robert.cowgill@athletesinaction.org "Robbie Cowgill")

### Other Details

Included are two nights lodging, four meals (eat dinner on your own before arriving on Friday). Check-in starts at 6:00 PM Friday night. Retreat ends at 10:30 AM on Sunday morning. Bring your own sleeping bag and pillow, towel, casual and athletic wear, Bible and journal (if you have those), and a swim suit (if you want to do the Polar Plunge!).

Band: Idylls

{{ 'https://www.youtube.com/embed/p9vkXoob0kg' | youtube }}